README.md, before:

## How to contribute
Our goal is to create a healthy and vibrant community around React in Stockholm,
to do that we encourage everyone that feels that they have something to contribute
to do just that - contribute.

## Quick links
* [Events looking for speakers](https://github.com/stockholm-react-js/meetups/labels/Help%20Needed) 
* [Events looking for hosts](https://github.com/stockholm-react-js/meetups/labels/Looking%20For%20A%20Host)
* [Events looking for general help](https://github.com/stockholm-react-js/meetups/labels/Help%20Needed)

## I have an idea for an event
### Step 1
[Open up an issue in our projects](https://github.com/stockholm-react-js/meetups/issues/new?title=New+Event+Idea&projects=stockholm-react-js/meetups/1) 
and give it a great title and a description.

### Step 2
Using the template describe your idea

### Step 3
Get people excited about the idea and get them to help.

## I want to host an event
### Step 1
Open a pull request in this repository

### Step 2
Use the template of the pull request to fill in the information needed.

### Step 3
Use labels to show that you need help with something, perhaps finding
speakers or something else,

### Step 4
After everything is looking great and the community has had their say
you can merge the pull request which will automatically publish the event
on https://wwww.meetup.com

## I want to help out 
Take a look at the issues linked above
* perhaps you can speak at an event with speakers wanted?
* perhaps you have a great office you can host the event in?
* perhaps you have a great idea for a lightning talk?

Commit message:

Update README.md with info on how to deal with repo

README.md, after:

## How to contribute
Our goal is to create a healthy and vibrant community around React in Stockholm,
to do that we encourage everyone that feels that they have something to contribute
to do just that - contribute.

## Quick links
* [Events looking for speakers](https://github.com/stockholm-react-js/meetups/labels/Help%20Needed) 
* [Events looking for hosts](https://github.com/stockholm-react-js/meetups/labels/Looking%20For%20A%20Host)
* [Events looking for general help](https://github.com/stockholm-react-js/meetups/labels/Help%20Needed)

## I have an idea for an event
### Step 1
[Open up an issue in our projects](https://github.com/stockholm-react-js/meetups/issues/new?title=New+Event+Idea&projects=stockholm-react-js/meetups/1) 
and give it a great title and a description.

### Step 2
Using the template describe your idea

### Step 3
Get people excited about the idea and get them to help.

## I want to host an event

### Step 1
Clone the repository and create a branch named after your meetup

### Step 2
Copy the example meetup description found in [events/examples/event-title/meetup.md](events/examples/event-title/meetup.md)
to events/the-title-of-your-event/meetup.md

### Step 3
Push your branch upstream

### Step 4
Open a Pull Request. Don't forget to add labels to it if you are looking for speakers or a host
or just general help.

### Step 5
After everything is looking great and the community has had their say
you can merge the pull request which will automatically publish the event
on https://wwww.meetup.com
