events/181115-svt-meetup.md, before:

# Introduction
Awesome that you are interested in hosting an event!

This is a template that we use here at Stockholm React JS.
Since we parse this file programatically, please **do not** change headers or bold text, but feel free to change any text inside of a section or add anything you find appropriate.

# Your event intro
Welcome to another Stockholm React Meetup at SVT!

For this event we are borrowing a studio from Sveriges Radio, we'll greet you at the main entrance of Radiohuset. Since the event takes place after working hours, please bring a photo id.

There are 100 seats this time and RSVP will open 8th of November at 12pm.

As always we hope you'll enjoy the talks and if you (or someone you know) wants to do a lightning talk or a full talk let us know here on Meetup.com and let's make it happen!

17.30 Doors open and food
18.30 First talk
~19.00 Mingle and "fika"
~19.30 Second talk
~20.00 Break
~20.15 Lightning talks
~21.00 End

# Hosted by
**Company Name:** SVT Interaktiv (https://blogg.svt.se/svti)

**Address:** Oxenstiernsgatan 20, Stockholm

# Full length talks
**By:** Artem Riasnianskyi

**Title:** Framer X

**Description:** Framer X is an advanced interactive design tool, powered by React. In Framer X, you can use actual React components in your design, bringing Code and Design together in a completely new way. We’ll talk about the challenges we encountered while creating Framer X. From how to make a performant graphics editor to building a dynamic component loader.

Artem is a product engineer at Framer, working and living in beautiful Amsterdam. Passioned about performance, usability, and minimalism in code. With the team, he is building game-changing design app Framer X. Occasional cyclist.

**Link:** {{Any link}}

**By:** Maksim Ivanov

**Title:** Lessons from the battlefield

**Description:** This summer I joined the team working on the latest Battlefield game, and since then I’ve learned a lot about their tools and practices, and how to deliver a high-quality product under tight deadlines. Today I am ready to share the unique experience I had there - case of using web technologies for a AAA game development. We are gonna learn how to ensure code quality and enforce good practices using AST checks.

**Link:** {{Any link}}

# Lightning talks
**By:** Bohdan Liashenko

**Title:** How to stop reading code and start delivering

# Food / Drinks
**Food:** {{Comma seperated list of different food}}

**Drinks:** {{Comma seperated list of different drinks}}

*a vegan alternative must be present*

*a non alcoholic alternative must be present*

Commit message:

Updated schedule and speaker info for SVT-event

events/181115-svt-meetup.md, after:

# Your event intro
Welcome to another Stockholm React Meetup at SVT!

For this event we are borrowing a studio from Sveriges Radio, we'll greet you at the main entrance of Radiohuset. Since the event takes place after working hours, please bring a photo id.

There are 100 seats this time and RSVP will open 8th of November at 12pm.

As always we hope you'll enjoy the talks and if you (or someone you know) wants to do a lightning talk or a full talk let us know here on Meetup.com and let's make it happen!

Schedule:

17.30 Doors open and food
18:15 Welcome and some info from the organizers
18.30 First talk
~19.00 Mingle
~19.30 Second talk
~20.00 Break
~20.15 Lightning talks
~21.00 End

# Hosted by
**Company Name:** SVT Interaktiv (https://blogg.svt.se/svti)

**Address:** Oxenstiernsgatan 20, Stockholm

# Full length talks
**By:** Artem Riasnianskyi

**Title:** Framer X

**Description:** Framer X is an advanced interactive design tool, powered by React. In Framer X, you can use actual React components in your design, bringing Code and Design together in a completely new way. We’ll talk about the challenges we encountered while creating Framer X. From how to make a performant graphics editor to building a dynamic component loader.

Artem is a product engineer at Framer, working and living in beautiful Amsterdam. Passioned about performance, usability, and minimalism in code. With the team, he is building game-changing design app Framer X. Occasional cyclist.

**Link:** {{Any link}}

**By:** Maksim Ivanov

**Title:** Lessons from the battlefield

**Description:** This summer I joined the team working on the latest Battlefield game, and since then I’ve learned a lot about their tools and practices, and how to deliver a high-quality product under tight deadlines. Today I am ready to share the unique experience I had there - case of using web technologies for a AAA game development. We are gonna learn how to ensure code quality and enforce good practices using AST checks.

Maksim is software development consultant at 0+x. He specializes in web development and is passionate about functional development in JavaScript using ReactJS and React-Native.

**Link:** {{Any link}}

# Lightning talks
**By:** Bohdan Liashenko

**Title:** How to stop reading code and start delivering

Bohdan is software development consultant at 0+x.

# Food / Drinks
**Food:** {{Comma seperated list of different food}}

**Drinks:** {{Comma seperated list of different drinks}}

*a vegan alternative must be present*

*a non alcoholic alternative must be present*
